# QUESTION 1 (Software Design and Implementation)

## Metadata

Language: Python

Environment Setup:

1. Create new virtual environment with venv
2. Activate with q1venv\scripts\activate
3. Install required packages
    - pandas
    - openpyxl


## Understanding and Assumptions

1. Use "Canonical Models" as the base data to match entries from "Car Models 1" and "Car Models 2".
2. Match even if missing spaces cause it to seem different ("G80 EV" vs "G80EV").
3. Match even if the different model names refer to the same model ("HYUN, ACCE" vs "HYUN, ACCENT").
4. However, duplicates if any will be dropped.
5. Entries follow the order of "Canonical Models".


## Submission (main)
While this interpretation achieves the expected output, it takes "Canonical Models" as the base and supplements it with additional information from the "Car Models X" sheets, even as "Car Models 2" seems to be a subset of "Car Models 1".

Where there is missing information, reasonable assumptions are made.
CHECKCHECKCHECKCHECKCHECKCHECKCHECKCHECKCHECKCHECKCHECKCHECKCHECK

## Submission (Interpretation 2)
"Maximising the number of matches to Canonical Models" can simply be achieved by using each "Car Models X" sheet as the base of comparison and trying to match "Canonical Models" to their entries, which means that the "Car Models 1" and "Car Models 2" are the main working sheets that need to be checked against "Canonical Models". To put it in the context of a practical scenario, let's assume that a client has provided us with a list of car models (e.g. "Car Models 1"), and we need to ensure that its entries are correct (i.e. matches our official database of "Canonical Models").

"Car Models 2", however, is missing the full spelling of "Make", and we cannot be completely sure that there are duplicate Model names from different Makes. Therefore, while "Car Models 1" can be compared directly with "Canonical Models", "Car Models 2" needs to use the post-comparison "Car Models 1" sheets for its comparison.

2 outputs are produced, one for "Car Models 1" and one for "Car Models 2". For each sheet, each entry is checked if it also exist in "Canonical Models", otherwise "NaN" is filled in. In addition, a DataFrame of the entries that were found in both/ found only in either sheets during each comparison can also be generated by using the appropriate parameters (both / left_only / right_only).


## Considerations and Issues Encountered

1. When creating the key values, the strings were forced to lowercase, and stripped (remove leading and trailing spaces). Format validation (string) is not required here since it would throw an error if the values were not strings, and it can be forced to be strings via str(x) if needed. 
2. There was an extra space for " model" in the "Canonical Models" headers. Kept me puzzled for about 15 mins, since VSC doesn't highlight the space when you drag over it with the mouse/double-click. Checked back in the spreadsheet to find the issue.